The Dean
Student's Welfare
VSSUT 
Burla

13th April 2023

Subject - Request to grant permission for conducting program in E-learning centre

Sir,

I would like to tell you that since the mid semester exams of first year students are over, it is time for club orientation programs to begin.
So on behalf of Team Enigma, I would like to request you  to grant us permission to conduct our orientation program, 'CODEXTEROUS' at the E-learning centre on 15th April at 6 p.m.

We would be very grateful for your approval.

Thanking you

Yours Sincerely
Nitesh Kumar Yadav



ANSWER 2

Moon Apartment 
Kirba Chowk
Burla
10th April 2023

Dear Seniors,
No matter, how beautifully a night is adorned, It's always "the stars", who bring out real exquisite in the night. Adhering to this template,
we are over the moon to invite you to the cultural event organised by first years which will take place at 5 p.m on 15 April at the E-learning centre, 
VSSUT Burla. We hope you will take your time off to attend and sprinkle the event with stardust and make the event starlit.

Awaiting your kind presence.

Yours Sincerely
Nitesh Kumar Yadav


ANSWER  3


A book, if ever written on eternal love filled with purity
Will surely be headlined by story of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati 

Sheetala Sashti celebrates the marriage of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati.
Originated around 400 years ago in Sambalpur, it is a cardinal festival of Utkal and Aryanak Brahmins.
When the great, supreme, 'blue-sky' deity who holds the blue-prints of the world , lost his beloved Sati and decided to isolate himself from world.
Goddess Parvati won his heart with her 'true blue', pure dedication and love and they got married. 
The festival is celebrated over five days with fervour and gaiety, Palanquins are made and adorned, Lord Shiva and Parvati ji are married and a carnival is taken out called "Sheetala Sashti Yatra".
The festival also marks the onset of monsoon. 

    On this great occasion, Team Enigma wishes you a joyous Sheetala Sashti.
    May Lord Shiva turn your blues into bliss.


